Game Name:
Capital Clash

Rupesh Ghimire	Shuofei Wu	Tyreik Williams

Build Technology:
MAVEN

Interface/Story

You are the son of a prestigious fund manager. It is summer. Your father brings you and your brother to Wall Street, and  puts you guys in a trading game. You are given $10,000, and 5 days. The game will be T+1 settlement, which means, on each day, after you buy a stock, the soonest you can sell is the next day. you can select from a variety of stocks, decide which to buy or sell if already holding, or hold cash. You long for a high return. Your goal is, on day 4, your account balance is more than your brother. You will be able to buy newspapers, or hear gossip on the street. The winner would be the one with higher account balance on day 4. You want to show you have great investment acumen to your father. 

General Flow

Scene/Day 0 -> Scene/Day 1 -> Scene/Day 2 -> Scene/Day 3 -> Scene/Day 4


Features List:

Player starts with $10,000
Player competes with a computer player for 5 days; each day is equivalent to 1 round
Decide which stock they should pick
Each stock performs differently using math.random
If good news (+0.35%) 
If stock goes up or down - show remaining balance
Able to long position
At least 5 stocks to choose from
Preview result of the stocks before showing the players outcome
Add advanced features




User Stories:

As a user, I should be able to choose 1/10 hardcoded stocks to invest. 
As a user, I should be able to see the real stocks information. (SOUT - top 10 popular stocks hardcoded data)
As a user, I should be able to invest for 5 rounds
As a user, I should be able to buy/sell a discrete number of shares of stock.(not doing fractional shares in this game)
As a user, I can only buy stocks up to my available balance. 
Implement how the news can affect the stocks. (sout news to user, negative or positive math.rand based on good or bad news)
As a user, I should be able to compete with a computer 
As a user, on day 4, the position will be closed and turned into cash balance. The one with the higher cash balance is the winner of the game.
As a user, each day I should be able to decide whether to sell or buy a stock. 
As a user, I should be able to compare my gains/losses to the computer.
As a user, I should be able to verify if I won or lost. (End Game!)

Logic:


Each day, the stock return will be generated by the following formula			 
y = a + bx + u
Where:
y is the performance of the stock or fund.
a is alpha, which is the excess return of the stock or fund. (this will be randomized)
b is beta, which is volatility relative to the benchmark. (Each stock has a different beta)
x is the performance of the benchmark, which is often the S&P 500 index. (this will be randomized)
u is the residual, which is the unexplained random portion of performance. (This will be randomized and adds more uncertainty to the game)

SPRINTS:
Sprint 1
The user is able to see the stocks information. (sout top 5 popular stocks hardcoded data)
 The user should be able to choose a single stock each day to invest. (Can buy multiple of the same stock).
On each trade day, user can take action: hold cash, buy stock, or sell stock,
 Computer will randomly buy stocks.
 5 stocks will be offered, daily return will be naive(hardcoded), not randomized yet.
 The game can run from day 0 to day 4 and get a winner. 

Sprint 2
The user is able to buy more than one stock each day based on liquid cash.
Work on implementing the formula for the stock return. Randomization will be added.
Create an end game message for the winner.
Loop to a new game if they’re willing to play again.

Sprint 3(Nice to have)
Expand stock offerings from 5 to 10 or more
(Tentative) Add daily news to provide hint for the next day (possibly the news will influence the stock performance (u) on the next day)
Maybe make the robot player smarter






Layout Example: starting view
	

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Location = Ability to walk into the trading room or News feed.
Cash Available(Token) = $10,000
Stock(Inventory) = Stock purchased
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Available Commands = go to News Feed, go to trading room, go home. (Each room has different prompts).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -The News feed is filled with Wall Street guys.
-They’re all excited about the upcoming press conference.
- Maybe this is an opportunity to make crazy gains!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -The Trading room has an A.I. that would like to play Capital Clash!
-**Details of the game**
-”Would you like to play?” yes or no.
- Choose your stock  [META, AMZ, APPL, NFLX, GOOGL].
—-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-”24 HOURS HOURS HAS ELAPSED ”
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Here are the of the stocks results of the stocks ***5 stocks with percentages***
-Your profit for today is [stock  +..%] or  [stock  -..%] which ls [total amount of money]
-The A.I. profit for today is [stock  +..%] or  [stock  -..%] which ls [total amount of money]
–----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- “Would you like to sell, hold, or buy more stock?”
Press the correlated number to complete your task.
SELL
HOLD
BUY
-if sold.. The user remaining balance will be shown
-if hold.. The user will continue holding the stock until the next trading day
-if buy.. The user will be able to purchase more stock with their remaining balance.
- —------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-”24 HOURS HOURS HAS ELAPSED ” (Repeated until the fifth day)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Here are the of the stocks results of the stocks ***5 stocks with percentages***
-Your profit for today is [stock  +..%] or  [stock  -..%] which ls [total amount of money]
-The A.I. profit for today is [stock  +..%] or  [stock  -..%] which ls [total amount of money]
–----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


